Added AP entry (#17)
lhcb/glossary: glossary/a.md

# A

## AP: Analysis Preservation {#AP}

> Analysis Preservation tackles the topic of reproducibility of (published) physics results.

Reviewer: I suggest making this a looser statement as I think analysis preservation also applies more than just published results. Internal or detector studies should also be preserved ideally.

```suggestion
Analysis preservation tackles the topic of reproducibility of studies and results made by members of the collaboration.
```

Author: Good suggestion. I've just amended the commit.
